Eight days after discovery of the pathogenic H5N1 virus in the African country of Nigeria , outbreaks continued to spread to more chicken farms , with signs indicating it has crossed the northern border into Niger . 
So far in Europe , signs of the H5N1 virus have emerged in Austria , Bulgaria , Croatia , Germany , Greece , Italy , Romania , Slovenia , Ukraine , and the European territory of Russia , among other places , almost all found on wild swans . 
In southern Italy , the bird flu virus was found on two ducks , the first creatures other than wild swans infected with the H5N1 virus in Europe . 
The project of Attock Line B Cement Factory started in 2004 . 
For example , Delta Airlines , eh , Delta Airlines , it announced that flights at places like Washington , Philadelphia , Boston , Baltimore , and Connecticut were all cancelled till Monday , oh . 
There may be a submarine - launched ballistic missile strike or air strikes by B-2 bombers . 
Er , in addition , according to the report by Pakistan 's private - run GEO on the evening of the 15th , Bashir , chief executive officer of the Attock cement factory in Pakistan , said in his interview with the station this evening that following the attack , the Pakistani side will try to arrange for the remaining 11 Chinese engineering and technical personnel working on the construction site of the cement project to return to their country as soon as possible . 
According to the records of the Report , at 22:15 on January 9, 2005 ( Beijing time ) , the Chinese Antarctic Inland Icecap Expedition team successfully reached Dome A area , the highest elevation of the Antarctic Inland Icecap , and at 3:15 on January . 18 , 2005 ( Beijing time ) confirmed the highest elevation point of Dome A was 4,093 meters . 
Xinhua News Agency , Hong Kong , Feb. 11 Hutchison Whampoa Co . , Ltd announced on the 11th that it will defer the planned IPO of " 3 Italia , " its subsidiary 3G telecommunications company . 
Xinhua News Agency , New York , Feb. 12 ( Correspondent Fan Xiaolin ) As high - definition digital television (HDTV) prices continually fall and markets expand , US television broadcasters are also increasing their output of HDTV programs . 
One of the wreaths had this elegiac couplet : " Originated in the Qin , thriving in the Tang , a good foundation was laid in China ; bidding farewell to lead type , ushering in electronic type , the modern Bi Sheng drew up the blueprint . " 
Known as " the modern Bi Sheng , " Professor Wang Xuan of Peking University , vice chairman of the National Committee of the CPPCC , an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the Chinese Academy of Engineering , and an academician of the Third World Academy of Sciences , passed away at 11:03 on February 13 after medical treatments failed at Union Hospital in Beijing . He was 70 . 
In Europe , the H5 strain of bird flu virus has also been discovered for the first time in France . Europe and Africa are on high alert and stepping up epidemic prevention measures . 
WHO Eastern Mediterranean Regional Advisor Hassan Bushra told the news media in Egypt on the 17th that dead birds infected with the H5N1 bird flu virus have been found in three areas of Cairo and Giza in central Egypt , and Minya in the south . Relevant departments of the Egyptian government have already started to slaughter fowls that are suspected of being infected with bird flu . 
In addition , the government of Cameroon has promptly set up an epidemic monitoring network across the country . The Pasteur Centre in the country and the State Veterinary Laboratory are on high alert , ready to carry out testing related to the H5N1 virus at any time . 
Batey Ads Merges with JWT Network , Would It be Too Late to Say Happy New Year ? 
BrandVista Post : 
When I was chatting with NPLCN in a cafe the other day , he mentioned the current BrandVista . 
What he likes most is still the recent fully revamped Discuz - based community BBS . 
That is Mr. Li Mingshun , general manager of Discuz Beijing company . 
If you search for his name on Google , you can get a lot of hits . 
I roughly know that he used to be at Sina and later started his own business , an internet ad exchange platform for small and medium - sized businesses , similar to adbrite.com abroad . 
At that time he debated on MSN to the effect that Vista thinks that the development of many sectors in China all depends on private economy and growth of small and medium - sized businesses . 
Later he came to Discuz . 
Discuz is an excellent community software based on PHP and MySQL database . 
With the help of Ramboo , a technical engineer in Beijing , the BrandVista community finally saw hope again and emerged with a brand - new look . 
Thanks , Discuz ! 
Starting from January , the WTO regulations on the liberalization of advertising went into effect . 
Batey Advertising , Batey will merge with the JWT network while keeping its brand name under the JWT management . 
In the meantime , there is rumor that Bates and the 141 network will soon merge with OgilvyOne and will be managed by the OgilvyOne ad network . 
http://www.brandvista.com 
Helen Li 
Helen 
Zhang xiwen 
The main plane models are US - made F-4 Phantoms , F-5 Tigers , and F-14 Tomcats , and Russian - made MIG-29s , among others . 
Of the F-14 fighters , once considered the trump of the Iranian Air Force , currently only 10 - plus can take off . 
It is also questionable whether the AIM-54 Phoenix missiles that they carry , which are said to have over - the - horizon attack capability , are reliable in actual battle . 
Since the end of last year , the Iranian government has made successive agreements with Russia to purchase the Pechora-2A air defense missile system , along with 29 sets of the Tor-M1 air defense missile system worth 700 million US dollars . 
QuanDa Forum : http://hwz.1--0.net 
Joining Hands with Google in Battling Microsoft , Dell Charges Software Vendors " Shelving fees ? " 
Dell Inc . ( US : DELL ) and Google confirmed on Tuesday that Dell is testing personal computers that have installed Google Pack . 
This move may pose a severe threat against Microsoft 's (MSFT) dominant position in the PC software market . 
Dell press spokesman Jess Blackburn indicated that the company is evaluating Google 's software . 
Blackburn confirmed that at this time , the software being tested by the company include a Google - supported Dell homepage , Google Desktop Search , and Google Toolbar . 
At the same time , Google press spokesman Jon Murchinson also confirmed that his company and Dell were testing a bundle of software developed by Google . 
Earlier , the Wall Street Journal reported that IT upstart Google was in the process of negotiations with Dell and Hewlett - Packard Co . , among others , in hopes of convincing these computer manufacturing giants to include Google software in their PCs . 
According to insider sources quoted by the Wall Street Journal , Google may pay up to 1 billion US dollars to Dell over the next three years to achieve this goal . 
Microsoft press spokesman Neil Charney refused to comment on the above news . 
As of now , Microsoft is planning to release its next - generation Windows operating system search tool and boost its development of web services . 
On the day the news was released , Google 's stock price again dropped by 4.46 % to 367.92 US dollars . 
Some analysts pointed out that Google is urgently seeking directions for growth outside of web search . Joining hands with PC giants such as Dell may cause Google to threaten Microsoft 's core business . 
Matt Rosoff , an analyst from market research firm Directions on Microsoft , indicated that Google is in a rush to expand its revenue sources , which is definitely something Microsoft is concerned about . 
Charles Di Bona , an analyst from market analysis firm Sanford C. Bernstein , pointed out that it is still too early for Google to shake Microsoft Windows ' dominant position . 
Reporter 's note : Google Shaking Microsoft 's Throne ? 
Therefore , PC 's manufacturer - installed original software will often determine the usage habits of most consumers . 
Now , Google , Microsoft 's new rival , also intends to have its finger in the pie through this means . 
Microsoft 's managers warned Bill Gates that if Google began to pay PC manufacturers to have their computers installed with Google software when they are shipped out , then Microsoft 's hegemony will eventually be threatened . 
QuanDa Forum : http://hwz.1--0.net 
hope 
If you need an invitation for Gmail , Orkut , or Wallop , please come to my little house and leave a message at http://tangxin.0739.org 
Sender : sunnypku ( sunny ) , 
Forum : square 
Mailing station : feel like old friends at the first meeting ( Wed Feb 8 13:56:14 2006 ) , this station ( yjrg.net ) 
( fwd ) Do Chinese People Deserve Democracy ? 
Posted via news : / / freenews.netfront.net 
Complaints to n ... @ netfront.net 
" jack " < mskaizp ... @ hotmail.com > 
Uploaded news : dssi2r $ 2ql ... @ adenine.netfront.net ... 
CGP Beili 
CGP Beili 
Negotiation And Compromise are Important Democratic Methods ! (ZT) 
peirongwangsohu@gmail.com 
http://bbs.people.com.cn/bbs/ReadFile?whichfile=44796&typeid=39 
For full article , please see http://bbs.people.com.cn/bbs/ReadFile?whichfile=44796&typeid=39 
