On the eighth day after the discovery of the deadly H5N1 virus in Africa , the epidemic has continued to spread to more chicken farms , indicating that it has crossed the northern border into Nien .
So far in Europe , there have been traces of the H5N1 virus in Austria , Bulgaria , Kroeia , Germany , Greece , Italy , Romania , Slavonia , Ukraine and Russia , all of which are found in wild swans .
In southern Italy , the bird flu virus was found in two ducks , the first in Europe outside the wild swan , infected with the H5N1 virus .
The Atok B - wire Cement Plant Project was launched in 2004 .
Like Delta Airline , Delta Airlines announced flights in Washington , Philadelphia , Boston , Baltimore , and Connecticut were all grounded until Monday .
The attack could have been carried out in the form of a submarine - launched ballistic missile and an air strike by a B - 2 bomber .
In addition , according to a Pakistan - based , private GEO reported on the evening of the 15th that Basil , chief executive of the Attok Cement Plant in Pakistan , said in an interview that night that Pakistan would arrange for the return of the remaining 11 Chinese engineers working on the cement project as soon as possible after the attack .
According to the report , on 9 January 2005 , at 2215 hours ( Beijing time ) , the China Antarctic Survey Team successfully reached the highest elevation area of the Antarctic inland ice dome A on 9 January 2005 , and at 3.15 ( Beijing time ) on 18 January , the elevation of the highest point of the ice dome A was determined to be 4,093 metres .
Xinhua News Agency , Hong Kong , on Feb. 11 , announced plans to postpone the listing of its 3G telecommunications company , Italy .
Xinhua News Agency in New York on February 12 ( reporter Fan Xiaolin ) as the price of high - resolution digital TV sets (HDTV) continues to decline and the market continues to expand , US television broadcasters also stepped up the launch of the corresponding high - definition television program .
One of the wreaths of the Erlian wrote : " From Qin Sheng in the Tang Dynasty brilliant Chinese Qiao foundation , lead ushered in the electronic contemporary Bi - N blueprint . " - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
The Vice - Chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) , known as " contemporary Bi - N " , a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences , a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering , a member of the Third World Academy of Sciences , and a professor of Peking University , Wang , died of illness at the Beijing Union Hospital at 1133 hours on February 13 , at the age of 70 .
In Europe , for the first time , the H5 avian influenza virus has been found in France .
WHO adviser for the Eastern Mediterranean region Hassan Bush told the press in Egypt on the 17th that dead birds infected with the H5N1 virus have been found in Cairo in central Egypt , Giza and Mina in southern Egypt , and authorities in Egypt have begun slaughtering poultry suspected of being infected with the disease .
The Government had also established an epidemic monitoring network covering the entire territory within a short period of time , and the Pasteur Centre and the National Veterinary Laboratory in the country were on an emergency standby to carry out testing of the H5N1 virus at any time .
Is it too late to say that the New Year will be good ?
BrandVista Post :
He talked to the NPLCN in a coffee shop that day and talked about the current brand geometry .
Much to his liking is the new , fully innovative Discuz - based community BBS .
That 's Mr. Li Ming , general manager of Discuz Beijing .
Search Google for his name and find a bunch of them .
He probably knew that he had started his own business in Sina , and that he had set up an Internet advertising exchange platform for small and medium - sized enterprises similar to those in foreign adbrite.com .
" Geographically , many industries in China depend on the private economy and the growth of small and medium - sized enterprises .
Then he arrived at Discuz .
Discuz is a very good community program based on PHP and MySQL databases .
With the help of technology engineer Rambuo in Beijing , the brand geometry community finally reappears bright , and the appearance is extremely bright .
Thank you , Discuz !
Beginning in January , the WTO 's system of opening up the advertising industry began to take effect .
Hundreds of Emperor advertising , Batey will be integrated into the JWT network , the retention of the brand , by the JWT management .
At the same time , there are rumours that Bates and 141 networks will soon be integrated into the Anglo - American system , which will be managed by the Ogilvy League advertising network .
http://www.brandvista.com
Helen Li
Helen
zhang xiwen
The main models are US F-4 " Ghost " , F-5 " Tiger " , F-14 " Male Cat " and Russian Meg - 29 .
Only more than a dozen F-14 warplanes , once regarded as a trump card for the Iranian Air Force , have yet to take off .
The operational reliability of the AIM-54 " Undead Bird " missile with its alleged ability to attack over - the - horizon is also questionable .
Since the end of last year , the Iraqi government and Russia have agreed on a series of purchases of the Bertara-2A anti - aircraft missile system and the $ 700 million 29 Doyle - M1 anti - aircraft missile system .
Quanta Forum : http://hwz.1 - 0.net
Together with Microsoft Dell , Google charges software vendors the " on - the - shelf fee . " ( Reuters ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Dell Inc . and Google confirmed Tuesday that Dell is testing personal computers with Google software packages .
The move could pose a serious threat to Microsoft Corp. 's dominance in the PC software market .
Messrs Blackburn , a Dell spokesman , said the company was evaluating Google 's software .
Blackburn confirmed that the software currently tested by the company included the Google - supported Dell home page , the Google Desktop Search System and the Google toolbar .
Meanwhile , Google News spokesman Jon Murchinson confirmed that the company was working with Dell to test a batch of Google - developed software .
Earlier , the Wall Street Journal reported that Google , the IT newcomer , was negotiating with Dell and Hewlett - Packard Co . , among others , to persuade the computer makers to install Google software on their computers .
To achieve this , Google could pay Dell $ 1 billion over the next three years , the Wall Street Journal quoted sources as saying .
Microsoft spokesman NeilCharney declined to comment on the news .
At present , Microsoft is planning to launch the next generation of Windows operating system search tools and strengthen the development of online business .
Google shares fell another 4.46 per cent to $ 367.92 on the day the news was announced .
Some analysts point to Google 's eagerness to find a way to expand beyond online search , and a tie - up with PC giants such as Dell could prompt Google to threaten Microsoft 's core business .
' Google is eager to expand to new sources of revenue , ' says Matt Rosoff , an analyst at market research firm Divisions on Microsoft , which Microsoft is absolutely concerned about and worried about .
It 's too early for Google to shake Microsoft 's dominance of Windows , says Charles Di Bona , an analyst at market analyst Sanford C.Bernstein .
Reporter : Google loosens Microsoft ?
As a result , the PC producer 's original software will often determine the usage habits of the majority of consumers .
Now , Microsoft 's new rival , Google , is also interested in this way .
Microsoft executives have warned Bill Gates that Microsoft 's dominance could eventually be threatened if it starts paying PC makers to configure Google 's software when they ship out .
Quanta Forum : http://hwz.1 - 0.net
hope
If you need a flight of Gmail , Orkut , or Wallop , please go to my cabin and leave a message at http://tangxin.0739.org
The writer : sunnypku ( sunny ) ,
Zone : square
Wed Feb 8 : 13:00 : 14 : 2006 ) , website ( yjrg.net ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Does the Chinese nation deserve democracy
Posted via news.net
Complaints to n . @ netfront.net
" jack " < mskaizp . . @ hotmail.com>
Write message news : dssir $ 2ql . @ adenine . netfint.net.net ...
CGP Belle
CGP Belle
Negotiation and compromise are important instruments of democracy ! (ZT)
peirongwangsohu@gmail.com
http://bs.people.com.n/bs/ReadFile= 44796 & Typeid=39
For the full text , see the website : http://bbs.people.com.n/bs/ReadFile= 44796 & hyperid=39
